FIX improve warning message in `_ensure_sparse_format` (#27757)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.4.rst

  misdetects the CPU architecture.
  :pr:`27614` by :user:`Olivier Grisel <ogrisel>`.

> - |Fix| Error message in :func:`~utils._ensure_sparse_format` when a sparse matrix was

Reviewer: Let's document the public function that is impacted.

```suggestion
- |Fix| Error message in :func:`~utils.check_array` when a sparse matrix was
```
